Cvs 48037 describe config errors handling (#594)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/docker_container.md

### Updating Configuration File
OpenVINO Model Server monitors the changes in its configuration and applies required modifications in runtime in two ways:

- Automatically, with an interval defined by the parameter --file_system_poll_wait_seconds. (introduced in release 2021.1)
- On demand, by using [Config Reload API](./model_server_rest_api.md#config-reload). (introduced in release 2021.3)  

> When configuration reload is triggered in one of above described ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration reload triggers the following operations:
```

- new model or [DAGs](./dag_scheduler.md) added to the configuration file will be loaded and served by OVMS.
- changes made in the configured model storage (e.g. new model version is added) will be applied. 
- changes in the configuration of deployed models and [DAGs](./dag_scheduler.md) will be applied. 

> - all model version will be reloaded when there is a change in the model batch_size, plugin_config, target_device, shape, model_version_policy or nireq parameters. When model path is changed, all versions will be reloaded according to the model_version_policy.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we could say that all versions are reloaded when model configuration changed? 
Enumerating all parameters seems to be too much and it's easy to forget/omit some (you didn't mention stateful parameters introduced in this release). We would also need to update it every time we change/add parameters.

- when a deployed model, [DAG](./dag_scheduler.md) is deleted from config.json, it will be unloaded completely from OVMS after already started inference operations are completed.
- [DAGs](./dag_scheduler.md) that depends on changed or removed models will also be reloaded.
- changes in [custom loaders](./custom_model_loader.md) and custom node libraries configs will also be applied.

OVMS behavior in case of errors during config reloading:

> - if the new config.json is invalid (not compliant with json schema), no changes will be applied to the served models.

Reviewer 2: Are you sure this is always true?

> - if the new model, [DAG](./dag_scheduler.md) or [custom loader](./custom_model_loader.md) has invalid configuration it will be ignored till next configuration reload. Configuration may be inalid because of invalid paths(leading to non-existing directories), forbidden values in config, invalid structure of [DAG](./dag_scheduler.md) (e.g. found cycle in a graph), etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- if the new model, [DAG](./dag_scheduler.md) or [custom loader](./custom_model_loader.md) has invalid configuration it will be ignored till next configuration reload. Configuration may be invalid because of invalid paths(leading to non-existing directories), forbidden values in config, invalid structure of [DAG](./dag_scheduler.md) (e.g. found cycle in a graph), etc.
```

> - error occurrence during reloading model, [DAG](./dag_scheduler.md) or [custom loader](./custom_model_loader.md) does not affect the reload process of the valid ones, but it results in a proper error logs. If [Config Reload API](./model_server_rest_api.md#config-reload) was used, response also contains proper error message. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- an error during one model reloading, [DAG](./dag_scheduler.md) or [custom loader](./custom_model_loader.md) does not prevent the reload of the remaining updated models. 
- errors from configuration reloads triggered internally are saved in the logs. If [Config Reload API](./model_server_rest_api.md#config-reload) was used, also the response contains an error message. 
```

- In case the new config.json is invalid (not compliant with json schema), no changes will be applied to the served models.

> - Config reload may be also triggered using [Config Reload API](./model_server_rest_api.md#config-reload).

Reviewer: I think this chapter requires some refactoring:
After the intro in this chapter add info that config changes can be detected regularly with a frequency defined in --file_system_poll_wait_seconds parm or can be triggered via `config' REST API calls.
Summarize the behaviour in points:
- remove models
- adding models
- updating models configs
next explain error handling in points:
- invalid config format that fail json schema - no changes applied
- incorrect parameters for individual models and pipelines - applied changes to correctly configured models and pipelines

> - Error occurence during reloading model, [DAG](./dag_scheduler.md) or [custom loader](./custom_model_loader.md) does not breake the reload process of correct ones but it results in a proper error logs and, if [Config Reload API](./model_server_rest_api.md#config-reload) was used, in error message containing response. (Errors may by caused by invalid paths, forbidden values in config, invalid structure of DAG - found cycle in graph for example, etc.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Error occurrence during reloading model, [DAG](./dag_scheduler.md) or [custom loader](./custom_model_loader.md) does not affect the reload process of the valid ones, but it results in a proper error logs. If [Config Reload API](./model_server_rest_api.md#config-reload) was used, response also contains proper error message. Errors may be caused by invalid paths, forbidden values in config, invalid structure of DAG (e.g. found cycle in a graph), etc.
```
